1. Please refrain from making lewd jokes or comments about sexual assault/rape, beastiality, necrophilia, pedophilia towards or in clear reference to someone or giving details of your own promiscuous acts, etc. Don't be dumb! Make jokes at your own risk!
2. Comments of sexual nature, rape jokes, and unsolicited pictures/comments sent through DM's can get you warned, muted or outright banned.
3. The N-WORD is not allowed in ANY form or variation! No racism or bigotry. (Slurs, nicknames, custom statues, swastikas, or any sort of degrading/diminutive symbolism.) Don't use a replacement for the N-word in excess: homonyms or combinations of these words that produce an offensive result (e.g. , KneeGrow etc).' This includes memes, emojis and spelling variations.
4. Do not attempt to scam members of the Discord (sharing malicious, scamming, phishing or spoof links, scamming in DMs).
5. Do not threaten/joke or attempt to DDoS/Dox anybody (this include posting fake phone numbers, emails, etc). Posting your own number in any of the channels as mods will not be able to prove whether or not it is in fact your number!
6. No porn, nudity, lewds, gore, animal cruelty, shock images or video in any channels - DMs and profile pictures included. If uncertain, ask mods BEFORE posting! (Please note: sending gore and animal cruelty is bannable even if you have consent).
7. Do not lie to mods in order to manipulate them. We will find out and you will be banned!
8. Falsely accusing or framing members of the Discord to get them in trouble will not be tolerated!
9. No targeted harassment of any server members. (this includes sexual comments, @ spamming and DM’ing) Please be respectful of each others boundaries and stop when you are asked.
10. No begging/shilling/harassing mods for special treatment or special privileges (this includes mentioning any of the mods roles for unimportant reasons. If it’s a legitimate question, feel free to @ us) Where possible, please refrain from @'ing whole mods groups, such as moderator.